DOCSUP-7668: Update the SQL-statement CREATE/ALTER USER (#23940)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/user.md

    [NOT IDENTIFIED | IDENTIFIED {[WITH {no_password | plaintext_password | sha256_password | sha256_hash | double_sha1_password | double_sha1_hash}] BY {'password' | 'hash'}} | {WITH ldap SERVER 'server_name'} | {WITH kerberos [REALM 'realm']}]
    [[ADD | DROP] HOST {LOCAL | NAME 'name' | REGEXP 'name_regexp' | IP 'address' | LIKE 'pattern'} [,...] | ANY | NONE]
    [DEFAULT ROLE role [,...] | ALL | ALL EXCEPT role [,...] ]

> 	GRANTEES {user | role | ANY | NONE} [,...] [EXCEPT {user | role} [,...]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	[GRANTEES {user | role | ANY | NONE} [,...] [EXCEPT {user | role} [,...]]]
```

    [SETTINGS variable [= value] [MIN [=] min_value] [MAX [=] max_value] [READONLY | WRITABLE] | PROFILE 'profile_name'] [,...]
```

To use `ALTER USER` you must have the [ALTER USER](../../../sql-reference/statements/grant.md#grant-access-management) privilege.

> ## GRANTEES Clause{#grantees}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GRANTEES Clause {#grantees}
```

> Specifies users or roles which are allowed to receive [grants](../../../sql-reference/statements/grant.md) from this user on the condition this user has also all required access granted with grant option. Values of the `GRANTEES` clause:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies users or roles which are allowed to receive [grants](../../../sql-reference/statements/grant.md) from this user on the condition this user has also all required access granted with grant option. Options of the `GRANTEES` clause:
```

-   `user` — Specifies user which is allowed to receive privileges from this user.
-   `role` — Specifies role which is allowed to receive privileges from this user.

> -   `ANY` — User with `GRANT` option can provide privileges to anyone. Used by default.

Reviewer 2: All these options requires this user to have all the required privileges with GRANT option, and you already said that a few lines earlier. So I think this way is better:

```
user - Specifies a user this user can grant privileges to.
role - Specifies a role this user can grant privileges to.
ANY - This user can grant privileges to anyone. It's the default setting.
NONE - This user can grant privileges to none.
```

-   `NONE` — User with `GRANT` option provides privileges to nobody.

> You can exclude any user or role by using the `EXCEPT` expression. For example, `ALTER USER user1 GRANTEES ANY EXCEPT user2`.

Reviewer 2: An explanation for this example will be useful:

```
It means if user1 has some privileges granted with GRANT OPTION it will be able to grant those privileges to anyone except user2.
```

``` sql
ALTER USER user DEFAULT ROLE ALL EXCEPT role1, role2
```

> Assigns grants from a user with a `john` account to a user with a `jack` account:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the user with `john` account to grant his permissions to the user with `jack` account:
```
